Rename Integration from PAS (obsolete name) to PAM (#41373)
demisto/content: Packs/CyberArkPAS/ReleaseNotes/1_0_20.md

#### Integrations

> ##### CyberArk PAS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### CyberArk PAM
```

> - Change the display name of the integration from 'CyberArk PAS' (obsolete) to 'CyberArk PAM'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the name of the integration to be **CyberArk PAS**  instead of **CyberArk PAM**.
```
